# [iMessage Apple group tweet software production]

If you have two certificates on your computer, such as a company account on your computer and a developer account for your company. Don't feel like you have to use two different email requests twice to use CSR. In other words, the CSR email must be similar to the AppID to which the certificate belongs. If you can receive the token in the program, the program is successful.

Second, use PushMebaby to push the service. Note that his serial number must comply with his original space format (if you use it directly). The serial number generated by the development certificate can only correspond to the development certificate. If you want to use the product certificate for the first time. Because you must wait for the software version before getting the product serial number, debug on the server serial number on the server.

Submit Apple Control Store or VPP/B2B Distribution
You can submit your app for consideration to Apple either through the App Store or the VPP/B2B website once you've decided that your app has been fully tested and completed. By submitting your App, you represent and warrant that your App complies with the documentation and program requirements in effect as well as any additional guidelines that Apple may provide on the iTunes App Portal or in conjunction with the App. You further agree that you will not attempt to hide, misrepresent, or conceal any characteristics, content, services, or results of your Apps before submitting them for inspection by Apple or to prevent Apple from fully inspecting such Apps. Additionally, you agree in writing to notify Apple via iTunes if your App connects to a physical device, including an iOS accessory, and, if so, exposes the meaning of such connection (whether iAP, headphone jack, or any other communications protocol or standard) and identify at least one physical device that the application's goal is to interchange. If requesting Apple, you agree to supply or supply any such equipment to you at the expense of samples (samples are non-refundable). You agree to cooperate with Apple in the submission process, answer questions and provide information and materials reasonably requested by Apple in connection with the submission of the App, including secure information you may have in connection with your App, the operation of your business, or your tasks under this Agreement. Apple may need to patronize a certain amount of standard insurance for certain types of apps and name Apple as additional insurance.
w

plugin.project.android.bootClasspath.join(File.pathSeparator)] MessageHandler Handler = new MessageHandler(true); new Main ().run(args, handler) def log = project.logger for (IMessage message: handler.getMessages( null, true)) {switch (message .getKind()) {case IMessage.ABORT: case IMessage.ERROR: case IMessage.FAIL: log.error message.message, message.thrown break; case IMessage.WARNING: case IMessage. INFO: log.info message.message, message.thrown break; case IMessage.DEBUG: log.debug message.message, message.thrown break;}}}} / ************** **********

System.out.println(m.get()); /* The thread "main" is very java.lang.ClassCastException: NewsImpl InFa. Unable to cast to IMessage with main (InFa.java:33) The change is very * / INews mn = new NewsImpl(); IMessage m1 = (IMessage) mn; System.out.println (mn.get());}} 3) Save money for co-op placement. 4) Our main focus is to use an enterprise account to prepare applications for local potentiometer distribution, which will be added to the developer account (specifically, it will be added to the developer account) to save money on the development device, mainly on the developer device. Develop and compile application packages. Currently available for testing and packaging. The test situation and Xiangyang environment are all packaged. The third method (remained as Enterprise Deployment), such an installation package can be installed in the entire location of the iPhone, which is very useful for testing the installation experience of employees of companies such as publishing malls. In a ME environment, the second method uses packaging (save as temporary deployment), and the second method uses the same publishing relationship. The destination certificate is sent to the App Store. , you can use the same outbound certificate, so you can test whether there is a problem with the outbound process of your ME environment. This way, the packager is available for the following devices: Add it to your device account, {implementation'org.aspectj: aspectjrt: 1.8.14'implements' com.github. TanZhiL: OkAspectjAnnotation: 1.0.4'annotationProcessor'com.github.TanZhiL: OkAspectjCompiler: 1.0 is supported.

  4'} / ******************* Independent operation************************* ******** / import o

rg.aspectj.bridge.IMessageimportorg.aspectj.bridge.MessageHandlerimportorg.aspectj.bridge.MessageHandleraspectj.tools.ajc.Main Finally define log = project.logger Finally define variables = project.android .applicationVariantsvariant.all {variant- > if (!Variant.buildType.isDebuggable()) {log.debug ("Skipping non-Debuggable build type'${variant .buildType.name}'.")


Third, you can find a replacement certificate that will not connect to the Apple Push Server, you have to remember the address of the development certificate and the address of the product certificate, and quite a bit of wording that will calculate the connection address length. topic.

Fourth, if you use the serial number of the development certificate, you will test on Server Pushmebaby, you will find it, click on the three folds. The solution is to quickly release future software, use your test phone to download it, let the set get a serial number, and then use this serial number as the debug serial number for the background product certificate. Actually, this method is the second point, but the problem is still stuck.

Fifth, Apple pushes a C++ server that is different from PHP, which requires secret certification and development certificate integration CK.PEM. Objc does not directly develop certificates. In process with background C++ engineer. It is used by pushchatkey.pem and pushchatcert.pem as separate files.

The names of pushchatkey.pey.pem and pushchatcert.pem can also be edited arbitrarily.

How to use Apple APNS communication? Developers who need iOS developers to provision servers

# Authorization
sudo chown -R $(whoami) /opt/homebrew
Use it for basic script commands (such as tell, say, etc.; there is a hole to be filled!) When you open iMessage to send group text messages, you will find the number of group text messages and the details of the number of people sent by the text message sender. Apple users iMessgae send congratulatory messages , Climb up and call out the hidden and leaked panic interface IMessage{ //To maintain the simplicity of the complement, it is basically public abstract void print(); } //The abstract class inherits the IMessage interface, and because it is an abstract class, it does not need to override the interface. The print method in abstract class News implements IMessage{ //The abstract keyword must be added to the abstract method, otherwise it will report "Missing method master or declaration tool" public abstract void getNews(); }

Pop up the subordinate script error interface // Simple class. The implicit class should strive to form a complete interface class MessageImpl extends News{ public void print()

{ System.out.println("Haha"); } public void getNews() { System.out.println("Haha"); } } public class Test{ public static void main(String[] args) { //Move forward Transformed into an interface routine telecommunications tool IMessage m = new MessageImpl(); m.print(); //Transformed into an abstract class routine object through the interaction between the parent class and the parent interface News news = (News)m; news.getNews (); In AS script, four basic data class types are saved: 1)

sudo apt install tasksel
   sudo tasksel install ubuntu-desktop # This article will load very slowly
   sudo reboot

Number (number) 2) Document (text) 3) List (list) 4) Record (record) Numbers in the AS script are automatically divided by floating point numbers (say 10/3, this will output (voice) 3.3333333...) The text of AS script is especially the so-called string. The string of Banana script must be enclosed in double quotes (such as set str to "WWW"). To manipulate & splice strings, the length of command can be used to obtain the string size. 1: Output (voice) How are you -I am fine set s1 to "How are you\n" set s2 to "I am fine" set s3 to s1 & s2 say


VBoxManage setextradata MacOS10.11 "VBoxInternal/Devices/smc/0/Config/DeviceKey" "ourhardworkbythesewordsguardedpleasedontsteal(c)AppleComputerInc"

VBoxManage setextradata MacOS10.11 "VBoxInternal/Devices/smc/0/Config/GetKeyFromRealSMC" 1

The promotion principle is very simple, that is, build a long connection socket on the operating system and then poll. It's just a socket connection between the Apple push server and the iOS phone operating system. Why you do this is to extend battery life and save power. If there is no such function, like Android, software can be implemented anytime and anywhere, and can receive server care from the server anytime, anywhere. Every software must run a socket in the background. It is obvious that this will be very powerful. capital. . The simplest idea is to connect to a connection and receive notifications at any time, and it does not consume power, so it is driven. Then why Android can't do it, the reason is that Android is open source, many manufacturers, Google are restricted in China, resulting in the complete upgrade of future Android phones. If one day, Oola Laours can replace Google's unified Android push market, no matter what phone it is, through Oola Laour, use the Aurora push socket, which is an absolutely good tool for Android mobile phone users. Generally speaking, students will definitely use Pushmebaby to verify the authenticity of the certificate, but experts will be careful about it.


Submit Apple TestFlight processing
If you want to publish your app through the TestFlight beta tester program, you must first submit your app to Apple for audit. By submitting such an application, you represent and warrant that your application is subject to the required documentation and procedures as well as any additional guidelines that Apple may provide in the iTunes Program Portal or in connection with it. In the future, Apple may allow you to update such Apps for indirect distribution to beta testers without review by Apple, unless such updates include substantial changes, in which case you agree to notify Apple of iTunes re-reviewed connections and have such app. apple