# [Apple sends home push iMessage] Software installation and utilization data CRC/LRC 1 byte 1 byte N bytes 2 bytes frame structure

/System/Applications/#mac command line controls wifi switch

# Check the software and hardware equipment and find that the wifi is en0

networksetup -listallhardwareports

#unlockwifi

networksetup -setairportpower en0 off/on

# Check wifi status

networksetup -getairportpower en0

#If you get the wifi status from your boss, you can write an automatic judgment script (indispensable for lazy people)

networksetup -getairportpower en0 | grep "On" && networksetup -setairportpower en0 off || networksetup -setairportpower en0 on



Accessible Push: "Apple Texter" information platform, you can ignore the three major communication operators and software mask SMS mechanism in the IOS system without jailbreaking, and the information is accurately transmitted to the user's mobile phone.
5.100% valid customers: This message is sent directly to iPhone SMS but is not managed by the operator. "Apple bidding" is not a number, it is guaranteed that the number of effective users of promoted information is 100%, no time, stop, save costs!

6. Multi-target groups: Users can forward wireless interactions to thousands of iPhone users across the country and create a "key" multi-target group.


cd "C:\Program Files\Oracle\VirtualBox\"

 

VBoxManage.exe modifyvm "MacOS 10.12" --cpuidset 00000001 000106e5 00100800 0098e3fd bfebfbff

VBoxManage setextradata "MacOS 10.12" "VBoxInternal/Devices/efi/0/Config/DmiSystemProduct" "iMac11,3"

VBoxManage setextradata "MacOS 10.12" "VBoxInternal/Devices/efi/0/Config/DmiSystemVersion" "1.0"

VBoxManage setextradata "MacOS 10.12" "VBoxInternal/Devices/efi/0/Config/DmiBoardProduct" "Iloveapple"

Apple Bidding - Apple bidding function:

1. Deal with devices: Just send to Apple mobile phone users. 2. Direction: quantify the customization time and fix the area.

3. Accurate: No closed and empty numbers, the information is reached efficiently.
Last login: Mon Nov 1 17:09:33 on ttys000

hymanhuo@HymandeiMac ~ % hdiutil create -o /tmp/Monterey.cdr -size 16312m -layout SPUD -fs HFS+J

Examples include store accounts on your computer and developer accounts for your company. Don't think you can use a CSR without having to request it twice using two different email addresses. To change the frequency, the CSR email address must be the same as the AppID to which the certificate belongs. If you can absorb the token in the program, the program is successful. Second, use PushMebaby to push the service. Note that his serial number must comply with his creation space format (if you use it directly). Then the serial number generated by the development certificate has to be linked to the development certificate. If you want to use the product certificate for the first time. Because you must wait for the software version before getting the product serial number, the server serial number on the server is not adjusted. Third, you can find a replacement certificate, it will not connect to the Apple Push Server, you must remember the address of the development certificate and the address of the product certificate, as well as many languages ​​that will calculate the connection address size. title. Fourth, if you use the serial number of the development certificate, you will take the unified exam on Server Pushmebaby.

created: /tmp/Monterey.cdr.dmg

hymanhuo@HymandeiMac ~ % hdiutil attach /tmp/Monterey.cdr.dmg -noverify -mountpoint /Volumes/install_build

 

/dev/disk6 Apple_partition_scheme

/dev/disk6s1 Apple_partition_map

/dev/disk6s2 Apple_HFS /Volumes/install_build

hymanhuo@HymandeiMac ~ % sudo /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Monterey.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/install_build

 
    brew tap --custom-remote --force-auto-update "homebrew/${tap}" "https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/git/homebrew/homebrew-${tap}.git"

done

brew update

 

 

echo 'export HOMEBREW_BREW_GIT_REMOTE="https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/git/homebrew/brew.git"' >> ~/.zshrc

echo 'export HOMEBREW_CORE_GIT_REMOTE="https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/git/homebrew/homebrew-core.git"' >> ~/.zshrc

The name of the CSR request file; 2. The configuration arrangement of the developer certificate has been completed, let us configure the APPID and push the certificate; Select the AppID in the left column, select "Correct", pick up the easy and avoid the hard, and add more for the application's application A button will align the created knobs, namely the certificate and the publish certificate. The following process is the same as the certificate in 1 above. First, create the certificate request file. Then, submit it, be sure to read it, of course you can create the push certificate directly in the left certificate column, but it is recommended to create the push service here to avoid forgetting. It doesn't work well when turning on the push service. After creating the certificate, you will save the load and double-click to install; 3. We will complete the PP file twice, create the development test PP file and release the PP file. For real machine testing, the child is used to submit the release; usually in the bank account The adhoc format used, we are ignored here; and the submitted automatic joint test marriage AppID, in addition to the wildcard format, this format is removed, this format will be automatically generated, using the * wildcard, suitable for batch, no push, dense cards, etc. .

Reading Driver Descriptor Map (DDM: 0)…

Reading Apple(Apple_partition_map: 1)…

Reading(Apple_Free:2)…

Reading disk image(Apple_HFS:3)…

................................................................. ............................

Elapsed time: 1m 56.813s

Rate: 139.6M bytes/second

Throttle: 0.0%

created: /Users/hymanhuo/Desktop/macOS.Monterey.cdr

hymanhuo@HymandeiMac ~ % cd ~/Desktop/

mv macOS.Monterey.cdr macOS.Monterey.iso

$ sudo /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Mojave.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia \

  --volume /Volumes/MyMojave \

  --applicationpath /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Mojave.app \

  --nointeraction

createinstallmedia: unrecognized option `--applicationpath /Applications/Install macOS Mojave.app'

 

Usage: createinstallmedia --volume <path to volume to convert>

 

Arguments

--volume, A path to a volume that can be unmounted and erased to create the install media.

--nointeraction, Erase the disk pointed to by volume without prompting for confirmation.

--downloadassets, Download on-demand assets that may be required for installation.

 

Example: createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/Untitled

hymanhuo@HymandeiMac Desktop %

4. Effective: The information content is rich and colorful, users are interested, and the promotion is very good.

Free text marketing tool (you can send text messages to black Apple computers)

The company offers a perfect upgrade of 8th generation Apple Texes for high-end computers. This is a device that can send long-term text messages to customers, with 250,000 text messages sent per day, the latest Apple iOS. MacoSimessage, high-configuration computer host, Intel CPU 8 cores 16 threads, memory 24G, hard disk 1T (1000g), single image 2G, 100 virtual machines, fast running speed, prevent problems, automatically unlock software, automatically assign tasks, automatically assign Automatic task assignmentAssign tasks, automatically assign tasks, automatically assign tasks, allowing you to target mid-to-high-end customers