# [What is iMessage Apple Push] How to obtain the device token (Device Token) implementation steps

//pretreatment

riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 -E -o file.i file.c

//compile
The iMessage app exists as an extension to the regular iOS app, similar to things like the Photos extension and custom keyboards. The key difference is that because the iMessage App Store exists independently within the Messages app, you can create iMessage apps without creating an iOS app that appears on the user's home screen. iMessage apps are created as extensions of iOS apps that are effectively blank and invisible. However, it's important to note that if you're developing both iOS and iMessage apps, you can create an iMessage extension just like any other type of extension.

riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 -S -o file.s/file.S file.i

// assembler

def print_info(pc_id, pc_name, *, city, company):

     # Use a * to distinguish required parameters and keyword parameters

     print("pc_id: %s\tpc_name: %s" % (pc_id, pc_name), end='\t')

     if city:

         print('city:%s' % city, end='\t')

     if company:

         print('company:%s' % company)

 

 

other_info = {'city': 'NanJing', 'company': 'APPLE'}

 

print_info('0001', 'IMac-2018', city='NanJing', company='APPLE')

print_info('0001', 'IMac-2018', **other_info)

 

# But if there is already a variable parameter in the function definition, the named keyword parameter no longer needs the separator *

# def print_info(pc_id, pc_name, *args, city, company):
riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 -c -o file.o file.s/file.S

// link

Create label packs using the new messaging framework, you can create small, medium or large labels. However, this size applies to all stickers in the package. You only need to provide the maximum image size for each sticker in the package, and the system will reduce the image size when displaying the image on other devices.

Although not strictly enforced, here are the file sizes Apple recommends for your sticker pack:

Small: 100 x 100 pt @ 3x scale (300 x 300 pixel image)
Medium: 136 x 136 pt @ 3x scale (378 x 378 pixel image)
Large: 206 x 206 pt @ 3x scale (618 x 618 pixel image)

riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 -o file file.o

 

// get ELF-file
Features like third-party app integration, rich links, and lots of fun message graphic effects have been added. If you're seeing a message that reads "(Sent with Invisible Ink)" instead of seeing the actual invisible ink effect, we have two fixes for you to try.

riscv64-unknown-elf-gcc -march=rv32imac -mabi=ilp32 -o file file.c

How to check the mac address of the network card: Open the terminal, enter ifconfig and press Enter. As shown below, the ether under the en0 network card is followed by your mac address in the format (A1:B2:C3:D4:E5:F6):



Board Serial Number Board Serial Number is a set of parameters derived from the device serial number generated by Clover + any 5-digit letters or numbers.

For example, the serial number generated by your Clover is C02J8YTODNCT. For example, any of your 5-digit letters is: ABCDE. Then the Board Serial Number is: C02J8YTODNCTABCDE. Fill in the place in the picture below.



// ELF to bin

riscv32-unknown-elf-objcopy -O binary file file.bin

If nothing unexpected happens, you can enjoy Apple's iMessage and FaceTime functions normally after restarting. Please note that all the above values are case-sensitive. The author has successfully activated N desktops by this method.
// ELF to HEX

riscv64-unknown-elf-objcopy -O ihex file file.hex

 

// disassembler ELF to get ASM

riscv64-unknown-elf-objdump -d file.elf > file.asm
Using iPho to text messages is definitely a function that we often use in our daily use. Using such a function in iPhone is not personalized enough during use. First of all, I will introduce this method to everyone.


This method comes with the iPhone and does not require jailbreaking! ​
1. Find the message icon in the main reflection surface and click to add "Message";
2. Tap the icon at the top right to text a new message and enter the funeral SMS interface;
3. In the "Recipient" column, you can directly enter the pseudonym and number to quickly click on the picture to search and add a contact officer; if the contact is not in Fengyunlu, you can also directly enter the mobile phone number; of course, you can also choose a more comprehensive one Press the "+" knob to go directly to the address book to add. Since iOS currently does not support batch addition, you have to add contacts one by one.
4. In the "To" column, separate different contacts with commas. If you want to delete it, you need to rely on the "x" button of the power plate. //Get all the assets of the library let assetOptions = PHFetchOptions() assetOptions.sortDescriptors?.append(NSSortDescriptor(key: "createDate", ascending:true)) let allAssets = PHAsset.fetchAssetsWithOptions(assetOptions) //Get the smart sample album, the so-called intelligence The photo album is actually the time, selection, year, etc. in the photo module of the Apple mobile phone gallery let smartAlbums = PHAssetCollection.fetchAssetCollectionsWithType(PHAssetCollectionType.SmartAlbum,subtype:PHAssetCollectionSubtype.AlbumRegular,options:nil) //Get the tenant's custom photo album, the photo album created by yourself let userAblums = PHCollectionList.fetchtopLevelUserCollectionsWithOptions(nil)
Add process software and hardware in batches to achieve success;

Once one of the contacts fails to be delivered, all will be marked as failed delivery, but in fact some people have already accepted it. // Capture camera var URL = location.href.split('#')[0]; var shareConfig = { timestamp: Math.round(new Date() / 1000), nonceStr: Math.round(new Date() / 1000) + Math.random(), url: URL, shop_name: “”, shop_id: “”, share_url: “” }; $.get(APICOM + “mobile/index.php?m=default&c=apicom&a=jsSign&noncestr =” + shareConfig.nonceStr + “×tamp=" + shareConfig.timestamp + “&url=" + URL + “&refresh=", function(data, status) { var data = JSON.parse(data); //Verification Signature console.log(data); //WeChat configuration wx.config({ debug: false, appId: data.data.appid, timestamp: data.data.timestamp, nonceStr: data.data.noncestr, signature: data .data.sign, jsApiList: ['chooseImage', 'previewImage', 'uploadImage','getLocation'] }); // Call the camera wx.ready(function() { // Check whether the joint test api rights are valid wx.checkJsApi({ jsApiList: ['chooseImage', 'previewImage', 'uploadImage','getLocation'], success: function(res) { } }); var images={ localId:[], serverId:[] } ; var zuobiao=[]; KaTeX parse error: Expected '}', got 'EOF' at end of input: …on(){ var that=(this); wx.chooseImage({ count: 1, // default 9 sizeType: ['compressed'],

// You can specify whether it is the original image or the compressed image. The default is both. Specify the compression sourceType: ['camera'], // You can specify whether the source is the photo album or the camera. The default is both. Specify the camera success: function( res) { console.log(res); //Temporary storage path of the local patch // images.localId = res.localIds; images.localId.push(res.localIds[0]) //Selected pictures are displayed in img that.prop('src', res.localIds[0]); // alert(that.prop('src')) //Problem of displaying pictures directly on Macintosh (only affects Macintosh) Determine the model For Apple phones if(navigator.userAgent.indexOf('iPhone') > -1){ wx.getLocalImgData({ localId: res.localIds[0], // localID of the picture success: function (res) { var localData = res .localData; // localData is the base64 size of the image. You can use the img floating tag to display that.prop('src', localData); } }); } wx.getLocation({ type: 'wgs84', // The default is wgs84 gps watermark, if you want to return to the coordinates used directly for openLocation

'gcj02' can be passed in success: function (res) { var coordinate=[res.longitude,res.latitude]; zuobiao.push(coordinate); // latitude = res.latitude; // Line rate, floating point number, range Is 90 ~ -90 // longitude = res.longitude; // Excessive degree, floating point number, range is 180 ~ -180. var speed = res.spe